AITA for telling my husband he can watch the show I'd been recommending by himself after he only agreed to watch it when his cousin recommended it
AITA for not helping pay for my cousin's meal?
AITA for not booking a getaway for my wife's birthday because she showed no enthusiasm?
AITA for not giving my coworker a ride after she kept assuming I would?
AITA for refusing to pay to have my friend's house cleaned?
AITA for not paying for Thanksgiving groceries as a guest?
AITA for telling my wife the lock on my daughter's door does not get removed til my brother inlaw and his daughters are out of our house?
AITA for telling my wife's parents not to bring Christmas Gifts this year?
AITA for giving my son's girlfriend a budget for the dinners she's making?
AITA for giving my friend a reality check
AITA for refusing to cover a shared cost after my coworker wouldn’t show me the break of what the money had gone towards so far?
AITA for asking my friend to not bring her dogs to friendsgiving?
AITA for not sharing my half of my cruise credits with my girlfriend?
AITAH for leaving the movies after being lied to?
AITA for telling my SIL to walk her daughter to school?
AITA because I didn’t take a co worker to the airport?
AITA for telling my friend that proposing is not a suitable 'Christmas present'?
AITA for not disclosing that I am not Christian?
AITA for not waking up a tourist who overslept and missed the day trip she paid for?
AITA for telling my friend she’s in the same league as men she calls ugly?
AITA for refusing to keep paying “Black tax” even though my family is struggling?
AITA for enforcing basic boundaries on my daughter's sleepover?
AITA for ordering alcohol?
AITA for not stopping my teenage sons gf from kissing him?
AITA for telling my roommate I won’t be changing my habits because of him bringing his friends over?
AITA for removing a groupmate’s name from final project 3 days before it’s due?
AITA- for following my Sister’s request
AITA for taking the toilet paper out of my bathroom so my roommate stops using it?
AITA to ask for gas money
AITA for not returning the Christmas gift I bought for my dad?
AITA for my USB killer frying my friend’s PC after she snooped in my bag?
AITA for "letting" a kid go home with his actual parent?
AITA for refusing to give my sister back her dog after she abandoned him for 6 months?
AITA for asking MIL to buy new Christmas gifts?
AITA for declining a birthday present?
AITA for calling out a buddy for eating the crunchy cheese layer off the Mac & cheese
AITA for refusing to clock out early so my coworker can take her kid to the hospital?
AITA for refusing to wake my brother up for work when he goes back to sleep?
AITA? I accidentally ruined Secret Santa at school and now I feel awful
AITA For telling my MIL we're not paying for her appliances?
AITA for telling my pregnant sister to f*** off?
AITA for not wanting to take home what my MIL got my son for Christmas?
AITA for calling my partners dad disgusting?
AITA for not wanting to take care of my granddaughter for free?
AITA for not having Christmas dinner in January?
AITA for relying on my friend too much after a breakup ? (Probably am)
AITA for making my sister pay for her stuff
AITA for telling my wife that the birthday gift she gave me wasn’t actually meant for me?
AITA for refusing to do free work for my kids' stepfather?
AITA for refusing to comply with my friend's NYE tradition
AITA for not decorating 🎄
AITA for throwing my cousin out of a party I wasn't hosting?
AITA for still going on this trip?
AITA and refusing to attend Christmas with my parent after she mismanaged $30,000 that was legally mine by 18 down to $534?
AITA for not babysitting my grandkids on Christmas so they can go to a football game
AITA for refusing to eat my family’s food after seeing their "disgusting" hygiene habits in the kitchen?
AITA For telling my (28F) grandpa (84M) he doesn't get calls from his grandkids because he's a bully
AITA for getting mad at my roommate for eating my leftovers
AITA for testifying against my brother in a custody case after he abandoned his child?
AITA for wanting to keep my engagement ring from my late fiancé?
AITA for getting my niece to move in with me, then charging her rent
AITA-for canceling my son's bday over $10
AITA for telling my wife it’s disgusting that she doesn’t wash her hands after she poops?
AITA? Got into an argument with my 16 yo about a show they like
AITA for not making my cookie table allergin free
AITA for not picking up my friend's girlfriend after her tennis class?
WIBTA for not naming my baby after my dead FIL
AITAH for not wanting to provide a whole Christmas for my sister’s kids?
AITA for sleeping naked in my own room?
AITA for hiding the Christmas food.
AITA Don't want service dog over for Christmas
AITA for Guessing my Brother's Christmas Word?
AITA For Not Buying My Sister a Christmas Gift?
AITA for not having christmas dinner with my family
AITA for not getting my bf’s family Christmas gifts after they split the bill at his college graduation dinner?
AITA for not buying my niece a concert ticket for Christmas?
AITA for leaving Christmas dinner after my uncle wouldn’t stop making “jokes” about me being unemployed?
AITA for telling my wife's family that they cannot cook turkey in our oven at Christmas?
AITA For Wanting A Quiet Christmas After Baby Spends Nearly A Month In The NICU
AITA for refusing to cook for my family’s christmas event?
WIBTA for returning my daughter’s Xmas present from her grandparents
AITA for not doing anything for christmas this year and making my husband livid?
AITA for banning alcohol from Christmas.
AITA for being furious that my husband gave away my sake and wine after I told him repeatedly not to?
AITA for telling my DIL that I got the iPads for the kids but I have locked her out of the settings
WIBTA if I called the police on my mom for robbing me?
AITA for not giving individual Christmas gifts to my sister's kids?
AITA for making my sister's gender reveal cake grey because she wouldn't tell me the gender?
AITA for telling my classmates that I don't want a "American name"
WIBTA if I give my daughter an "outdated" name?
AITA for asking my GF if she can take a shower?
WIBTA for refusing to bring $100 minimum to Thanksgiving
AITA for not putting away my copy of The Handmaid’s Tale?
AITA for “letting” my girlfriend stop coming over in the mornings after my mom’s friend complained about her showering?
AITA My parents are forcing me to pay for my brothers grad school using money they never told me about
AITA for yelling at my girlfriend to “stop fucking eating?”
AITA for calling my mom when my husband refused to listen to me?
AITA For Firing An Employee After His Parents Died?
AITA for not making my daughter switch back a gifted Labubu with her younger cousin after her uncle found out the one my daughter gained in the swap is rare with a high resale value?
AITA for telling neighbor to go through insurance
AITA For wearing an outfit my dad told me not to wear for dinner?
AITA for refusing to forgive a friend for stealing from me even though she’s struggling?
AITA for being "rude" to guest I didn't even invite?
AITA for leaving my Mom at the airport with no ticket and no plan?
AITA for speaking up at a buffet?
AITA for not wanting family to shower in our hotel room after checkout?
AITA for ruining my friend's livestream because he complained about the game I invited him to play?
AITA for not lying about wetting the bed and embarrassing my parents?
AITA for arguing with my friend at her birthday party after she intentionally separated me from my boyfriend?
AITAH for not letting my husband sign my note?
WIBTA for not making my daughter go to a girls birthday even though I know no one is going
AITA For making my wife ride in the backseat because she couldn't stop distracting me
AITA for refusing to chip in for a coworker’s birthday gift when I barely know them?
AITA for waiting in line at the grocery store while my parents finished shopping?
AITA for telling my wife not to use our expensive chef knife to cut plastic?
AITA for excluding my brother from a fun event because his wife talks too much.
AITA for telling my stepmom I will never see her as a parent
AITA for not being excited for my SIL pregnancy announcement?
AITA for not eating $200 worth of food
WIBTA if I told my brother and SIL that they are ridiculously over feeding their child?
AITA for “ripping my daughter away from family”
AITA for not giving half of my fortune to my brother
AITA for not letting my roommate eat my groceries after they “forgot their wallet”?
AITA for not wanting to go to my dad’s wedding since he’s marrying the woman he cheated on my mom with?
AITA for being honest about why I no longer carry feminine supplies.
AITA for telling my daughter’s dad she isn’t going to his wedding because of the way I found out about it?
AITAH for playing Mahjong on my computer at 11:00PM??
AITA for telling my sister she wasn't the only one affected by our mom's death and to let our dad live his life?
AITA for reacting badly to my friend’s religious remark at a funeral?
AITAH for wanting my husband to hide his farts?
AITA for skipping my own surprise birthday party once I found out it wasn’t really for me?
AITA for banning a relative from our house right after they donated our furniture while we were away home?
AITA for not fighting after my autistic child was excluded
AITA for refusing to leave my job so i could take care of my disabled brother?
AITA for "not warning" my diabetic friend about our trip
AITA for snapping after being repeated asked if “the narc was talking?”
AITA for changing the lock on my bedroom in a shared apartment without my roommate’s permission?
AITA My boyfriend kicked me out of the shower to poop
AITA for locking up my stuff so my wife will not touch it 
AITA for being upset that my friend planned a surprise brunch for my bday and then charged me for my meal later
WIBTA If my wife and I were to force her sister and brother-in-law to move?
AITA for using the baby name my SIL wants to use
AITA for asking my best friend why she’s excluding me?
AITA for calling out a line-cutter at Costco
AITA wife upset I cannot keep toddler from her
AITA for disinviting a friend to my birthday after she showed me the food she was bringing?
AITA for refusing to give my parents my location after they stopped paying for my tuition?
AITA for not taking my niece at daycare because my SIL didn't follow the policy?
AITA for not telling my family that I joined the military?
AITA for telling my son his gf can only come over when he is home?
AITA for refusing to change the chore chart even tho my wife works full time now.
AITA for no longer filling the car with gas before my partner has to go to work?
AITA for not giving my vacation day to a coworker getting married
AITA for telling my kid that she is being self-centered/cruel because her mom won’t be able to make to her wedding.
AITA for telling my teacher she’s not allowed to give my group member a better grade?
AITA for not using gift cards on person who gifted them
AITA for buying the house next door to my former friend?
AITA for sticking my freshly single mom with $20,000 of debt.
WIBTA for not leaving the house for one weekend as requested?
AITA for not eating the food after my gf eats out of the bowl with the same spoon while preparing
AITA for leaving my sister’s wedding early without telling anyone?
AITA for refusing to cook for my partner anymore?
AITA for insisting that guests in my home take off their shoes
AITA for not paying for my daughter wedding because she isn’t following the rules even though I paid for my older kids
AITA for being annoyed that my wife insists on cooking everything from scratch and won’t buy normal food?
AITA for not giving my sister money I’ve been saving, even though she already told our parents I would?
AITA for leaving the house to stay with my boyfriend after my sister forced me to take care of her child?
WIBTAH if I asked my daughter’s preschool teacher not to put the extra clothes that I sent for her on other students?
AITA for kicking my "mentally ill" brother out of my house when he was treating my wife like garbage  
AITA for not enjoying the birthday gifts my friend got me that mocked my dead mother  
AITA for not wanting to eat my parents’ meals while pregnant even though they’re trying to help save money?
AITA if I leave a note for my neighbours about bringing their screaming baby into the apartment hallway CONSTANTLY?
AITA for telling my parents that I will not parent my younger adult sister?
AITA for making my dad and 13-year-old brother cook for themselves for the first time ever?
WIBTA: MIL creating AI photos of me
AITA for not getting my nephew an internship interview after getting them for most of the others?
AITA for not allowing my sister-in-law’s husband to stay in the bridal suite while we were getting ready?
AITA for telling my SIL that I don’t can’t about her health condition and she needs to shower
AITA for eating a normal portion of the cake my aunt made for my birthday?
AITAH my roommate is a light sleeper and after multiple complaints from her I advised her to see a doctor
AITA for telling a woman at the gym to stop filming because I kept ending up in her videos? 
AITA for refusing to share my food with my girlfriend?
AITA for telling my friend that I won’t be paying $25 to attend her birthday party?
AITAH for not wanting to keep being the "easy" child in my family?
AITA for blocking my neighbors car?
AITA for coming home late from the gym and waking my niece, and refusing to compromise?
AITA for kicking out my brother after he threw a party in MY house without my permission. Completely trashing the place
AITA for not allowing my ex to see sonogram photos of his child?
AITA for not sending coworker my template after he basically used my stuff in a meeting and didn't mention I helped?
AITA for telling my sister you are selfish and canceling her engagement dinner at my place
AITA for refusing to let my MIL babysit over a dummy?
AITA for interrupting my autistic brothers routine for my own physical pain?
AITA Insisting 33 year old boyfriend wears shoes in shopping centres
AITAH: My in laws demand us to travel 18 hour round trip for grandpas birthday party at a hotel and all the other kids and spouses get their own room but want to share with us since we don’t have kids.
AITA for eating food my roommate can’t eat?
AITA for not removing a statue from the backyard while my mom was visiting because it upsets her?
AITAH for storing food that was mis-delivered to me? 
AITA for keeping a collection of MTG cards that were wrongly gifted to me?
AITA Friend says I’m stealing from the homeless?
AITA. Boyfriend thought he was entitled to 100% of the sales price of a part that was thrown in on a purchase I made.
AITA for telling my sister that our bio dad isn’t my dad and and if she can’t accept that maybe she isn’t my sister either
AITA for wanting to bring meat to my vegetarian SIL and not going when I was not allowed too
AITA for not cooking a separate portion of food for my friend?
AITA for sleeping through most of a long luxury bus ride while my girlfriend was upset?
AITA for not allowing my fiancé's family dictate my baby's life before it's even born...
AITA for saying my sister crossed a line even though everyone says I’m overreacting?
AITA For not letting my child have a sleepover with his step-siblings at my place? 
AITA for giving the babysitter a bonus when my kid needs football shoes
AITA for ordering water at a restaurant?
AITA for leaving because my SIL hid my shoes to keep me from taking walks?
AITA for telling my sister to stop mommyjacking every conversation and to let me talk about myself?
AITA for canceling a trip because my friends changed the plan to something I couldn't afford?
AITA for skipping my friend's daughter’s 1st birthday and charging her for the "gift" after she forgot to tell me the time changed?
AITA for rejecting my MIL’s challenge and giving her instructions to learn how to knit?
AITA for refusing to translate on the spot after my friend keeps using me as his proof he speaks the language?
AITA for taking my baby from my parents?
AITA for refusing to drive my wealthy friend on a 3.5 hour round trip to the airport at 3am
AITA for making a scene when my friend's friend was making fun of my wife?
AITA for not moving back in with my dad just because he got divorced
AITA for asking my friend to pay me back for the wine he drank while house sitting??
AITA For refusing to tell the men in my family about my period?
AITA for seeking a new bank account without telling my mom after a significant loss of money?
AITA for wanting my Spanish teacher to stop calling me by the Spanish version of my name?
AITA for beating my date in a game of pool
AITA for refusing to let a woman change the TV channel?
AITA for refusing to let a woman "cut" me in line at the grocery store even though she only had two items?
AITA for asking my brother not to bring a cam girl as his plus-one to my wedding
AITA for calling gold stable and my sister losing $1,000 because of it?
AITA for not telling my friend's partner that she didn't get the job at my company
AITA for not housing my younger brother for free?
WIBTA for suing my friend when she didn’t come to my wedding?
AITA for making my friend pay for my Uber home after she "surprised" me?
AITA for refusing to give my mom my savings after she found out how much I have? (19F)
AITA for only talking to my DIL in a group chat that my son is a part of
AITA for confronting my friend in front of people when she implied I’m an alcoholic?
AITA For calling out my best friend for stealing from me
AITAH for expecting a girl to get off a treadmill in the gym?
AITA My wife and I came home at 3am and my MIL acted like we were 16 sneaking into house
AITA for refusing to go to my SIL Baby shower and the rest of the family is following.
AITAH for not wanting to give my cart up for free at Aldis
WIBTAH if I don't attend to my friends baby shower because they said my pregnancy was an accident and that I didn't deserve it ?
WIBTAH if i didn’t make the pie that got the most votes because it wasn’t on the poll in the first place?
AITA for telling my uncle I don’t want to be like his kids
AITA for wanting a break?
AITA: I Told a Friend She Couldn't Bring Her Child to my Event
AITAH for phone use in locker room
AITA for arguing with my MIL about my husband’s feelings for spaghetti?
AITA for reminding a guy I got absolutely nothing as a retirement gift when being asked to contribute to another?
AITA for calling my grandparents after my mom ran away
AITA for not being “discreet” about my up coming procedure
AITA my friend ruined my yixing teapot and I want her to replace it or give me 500 dollars.
AITA for asking my friend group to send deposits upfront for the trip after last time only half paid me back?
AITA for refusing to let my sister’s fiancé hold our baby after he openly mocked my parenting in front of my whole family?
AITA for “accidentally” telling my parents about my sister’s pregnancy because I was tired of keeping the secret?
AITA for refusing to switch project topics after my classmate “claimed” it late?
AITA for “decorating” my son/DIL home by giving my son a dresser for their nursery.
AITA for kicking out my friend (who I let live rent-free for 8 months) after his room and bathroom became a biohazard, then telling him "no wonder your ex broke up with you" in the heat of the moment?
AITA for refusing to return expensive band merchandise I bought second hand when someone reached out to tell me they were stolen from her?
AITA for dyeing the sweater my sister in law knitted for me?
AITAH for ‘causing a scene’ at my boyfriends work?
AITA for telling my coworker the “office prank” wasn’t funny and refusing to participate?
AITA for telling my roommate's mother that my roommate's boyfriend has wronged me and wont stop coming around after i told him not to?
AITA for reminding my friend that she slept with more than one person?
AITA for not warning people that a character in a friend’s book was based on me?
AITA for telling my girlfriend to stop sharing her food?
AITAH for telling my sister her baby isn’t “advanced,”
AITA for “abusing” the the bus stop chain so I don’t miss my stop?
WIBTA if I told off my husband’s Aunt for feeding my child without consent.
AITA for not giving my Roommate more space?
AITA for fixing my daughter’s car when her boyfriend said he’d handle it?
AITA for ignoring our friend on our trip to Mexico?
AITA for not playing dumb on a double date?
AITA for getting home insurance canceled?
AITA for calling a tow truck on a car parked in my spot
AITAH for choosing to stop waking my stepmother up every morning?
AITA for picking at my DIls food and not clearing my plate.
AITA for having and using emergency spices at dinner?
AITA for stepping down as best man because I can’t afford my brother’s bachelor party plans?
AITA for refusing to give my sister my old engagement ring after my divorce?
AITA for correcting my coworker in front of customers after she kept correcting me?
AITA for not letting my husband's brother and his kid to come over
AITA? Peed standing up in traffic jam
AITA for speaking to my (over weight) assistant about her business lunch and making her cry?
AITA for letting him eat what he cooked?
AITA for not staying after our niece got arrested?
AITA “ being cruel” for telling my daughter that she will need to help pay back the money that I spent on her wedding
AITA for telling my neighbor it’s not my problem her newborn wakes up to noises coming from my apartment
AITA for telling my wife I don’t want her mom to have her location all the time now.
AITA for Losing My Cool and Yelling at My “Influencer” SIL Over Her Constant Filming and Lack of Respect for My Daughters Boundaries?
AITA for not sending my niece’s dad updates after he kicked her out
AITA for sneaking my mom some alcohol when she is on hospice?
AITAH for thinking my daughter will look back and wonder why we treated her differently?
AITA for telling my kids that I am not responsible for their mother issue and not giving her money
AITA for wanting to report a teacher who keeps cancelling recess?
AITA for canceling visitations because my late husband’s sister always seems to know best?
AITA for telling my brother he needs to find new childcare?
AITA for expecting my partner to pay for a replacement laptop?
AITA for buzzing the hair I grew out to be my friends maid of honour while she was on her honeymoon?
AITA for telling my coworker she also has thin hair
AITA For Not Giving My Bonus To My BIL
AITA for telling my wife I’m going to clean our room.
AITA for calling out my wife after our "dream Japan trip" turned into a personal shopping service for her family?
AITA for neutering my neighbors cat?
AITA for refusing to catcall a customer’s wife even though he asked us to?
AITA for making a stink at school and forcing the teacher to change my kids math grade
AITA My friend invited herself to my vacation and I won't let her stay with me
AITA for sending my child to my ex in thrift store or cheap clothes
AITA for being honest and telling my DIL that they are not ready to be a parent since she can not drive
AITA for expecting a replacement of Girl Scout cookies that never made it to me?
AITA for telling my coworker to stop asking me what I'm having for lunch
AITA for asking my neighbors to not have their kids turn every slide in park into a slip n slide?
AITA for “firing” my mom from childcare over a $5 class
AITA for drinking the beers I brought to a party even though it was more than people were "allowed" to drink?
AITA for correcting my roomie about her meals when eating out?
AITA for not allowing others to use “my office”
AITA for eating a croissant in a cemetery
AITA for resciding our gift for SIL's wedding?
AITA for leaving my friend at the brewery when he brought up something that haunts me?
AITA for refusing to eat my wife’s spaghetti after I found out what she put in it
AITA for taking a college fund form my grandparent even tho they called my mother a whore
AITA for sending this text after my friend returned clothing she took from my apartment?
AITA for asking a friend to either pay for an evening out if they can't go or sit them out?
AITA for refusing to hand over money raised for a coworker after learning something that changed my mind?
AITA for being blunt and saying I will never name our child after wife’s sister since she is a spoiled brat
AITA for snatching things back from my colleague?
AITA for asking a woman at work to stop being so WEIRD about taking a caramel?
AITA for telling my brother in law he needs to stop helping his friend with a neurodegenerative disease?
AITA for not helping my sister in law and her baby with rent?
AITA for lying to my family about how much money I have?
AITA for eating meat from our deep freezer?
AITA for “implying my wife (28) eats too much” by saying she might have parasites?
AITA for possibly ruining my husband’s friend’s only chance to get married? 
AITA for not respecting my role as the 'single friend?'
WIBTAH if I say something to an employee who wants me to close my business for her wedding?
AITA for telling my friend that she does not remember 9/11
AITA for not drinking at my friend's wedding?
AITAH For buying my stepdaughter, a traditional Navajo dress for graduation?
AITA for asking my friend to not wear makeup to my wedding?
AITA for telling my wife forget it and going out by myself for my birthday instead of going to her fancy dinner reservation
AITA for not going on family vacation unless I can share a bed with my fiancé?
WIBTA If I refused to switch dorms with a girl who was autistic?
AITA for leaving my friend at a restaurant after she "tested" me?
AITA smoking weed on my porch?
AITAH for saying no to extra kids
AITA for not relinquishing my apartment
AITA for honouring my deceased brother's wishes and not letting his estranged wife attend his funeral?
AITA for telling my SIL that her opinion isn’t more important than mine?
AITA for not quieting down at a Renaissance fair and walking away after my boyfriend sided with a stranger?
AITA for saying my bf’s mom’s mashed potatoes are weird?
AITAH for starting my class on time when another group refused to leave the room?
WIBTA autistic brother enabled his whole life, do I let him face his own consequences?
AITA for charging my friend $800 after she left me 4 hours from home?
AITA for continuing to smoke outside even though my neighbor hired an attorney over it?
AITA for refusing to take off my engagement ring during a wedding? 
AITA for still using the baby name I told my sister I was going to use, despite her using a variation of it first?
AITA for installing a camera in my room to see if my mom is lying to me?
AITA for expecting my girlfriend to do my half of her chores as well?
AITA for not being happy at becoming an uncle?
AITA for booking a busy pickleball court where nobody pays? 
AITAH for asking my husband to tell his mother she's no longer allowed in our house unsupervised?
AITAH bc I (36M) dont want my girlfriend (36F) to travel with me because shes a picky eater?
AITA For not leaving work to help my wife when she ran out of gas
WIBTA for telling my client that I used to date her husband?
AITA for telling my sister she got what she deserved?
AITA for picking up my stepdaughter from school when she got her first period, even though her mom told me not to?
AITA for refusing to let our friends join our vacation?
AITA for refusing to subsidize my parents’ $11k/month senior's home in one of the fanciest neighborhoods in the city?
AITA for telling my wife my mother is correct and she needed to be a parent today and she fucked it up
AITA for being upset that my husband throws away dishes I forget to put away
AITA for having a craft night with my bf after my friend bailed
AITA for using my dad’s underwear to make a point about the toilet seat?
AITA for not giving the money to pay off my daughters student loans. 
AITA for asking a family with a small child to keep it down on a red eye flight?
AITAH for not believing my roommate’s “phobia?”
AITA for only inviting people over who have bothered to put in some minimal effort to communicate w/ my Deaf Step Daughter
AITA for backing out the morning we were supposed to commit to a house after seeing my room setup?
AITA for throwing away my wife’s memory jars?
AITA for ruining my daughter in laws birth plan
WIBTA For telling my wife to go to rehab so she doesn’t affect our babies life?
AITA for telling my sister she is being spoiled brat and obviously mom isn't giving her a house no matter how much work she put into it.
AITA or telling my wife if she’s not gonna cook it the way she usually cooks it then you don’t have to cook it at all
AITA for kicking everyone out after my sister lied and said my apartment was hers?
AITA for telling my daughter I am disgusted by her and telling her ex she has been taking their kid to his family side
AITA for telling my DIL to stop crying after she got called fat
AITA For giving my niece a much better life than her step siblings?
AITA: my kids refuse to come to my wedding unless they can bring grandma
AITA for telling an "autistic" stranger to f off
AITA for expecting the gifts to be for both of us?
AITA for not removing my doormat because it scares my neighbor’s kid?
AITA for leaving my sister after she showed up with her boyfriend?
AITA for creating a “Tattle Phone”
AITA for not telling my partner something his 14yr old daughter told me in confidence?
AITA for not fighting my parents on stopping my sister from being kicked out and telling my sister this is her own fault
AITA for telling an ER nurse to stop scolding me after an "incident" with a dirty wheelchair?
AITA: I told my daughter she needs to get over her jealousy and it is her own fault her life is the way it is.
AITA for joking that my dad gets a perpetual period in front of friends and family?
AITA for ruining a hibachi dinner?
AITA not putting up my DILs painting in our new home and telling her that I am not a fan of her art
AITA: I was uninvited from a wedding one week prior despite planning her bachelorette, told bride to cover my portion of the bachelorette cost
AITA for telling my dad he dug his own grave?
AITA for having my neighbor’s boyfriend’s car towed after they took over my paid parking spot for a week?
AITA for choosing to drive 45+ minutes at 3AM instead of following my dad’s separate rooms rule?
AITA for secretly buying extra food for my niece because her brothers eat everything first?
AITA For Telling A Little Girl That Her Parents Should Be Disappointed In Her?
AITA for making my coworker miss his proposal because I wouldn’t cover his shift?
AITA for telling a stranger I don’t have a mother after she complained about my dad on Mother’s Day?
AITAH for telling my friend his weight is ruining my vacation?
AITA for secretly buying a house behind my mom's back after she stole the one I spent years paying for?
AITA for stopping payment for my grandfather care r i found out he secretly gave the apartment to my aunt?
AITA for not letting my friend use the photographer she refused to hire with me?
AITA for not wanting to take in my sisters 4 kids while she’s in the hospital?
AITA If I refuse to give my Mom money every month?
AITA for accidentally outing the gay guy in my gym?
WIBTA if I put a no fly order on my ex for child support debt?
AITA for telling my sister not to buy things for my daughter if there are strings attached?
AITA for giving her kids a routine? I’m not a parent…
AITAH for making my husband cancel his family's last-minute sleepover after he trapped me into saying yes
AITA for embarrassing my roommate by using a guy next door's bathroom?
AITA for not telling my parents I was hospitalized for a week to prove a point?
AITA for not making my new grandkid a homemade blanket and not giving her one already made
AITAH for refusing to put back Pepcid at the gas station?
AITA for telling my mom I am not going to put up with racism against my kid the way she did.
AITA for "humiliating" my ex's new girlfriend in front of our friend group?
AITA for sitting on public toilet seats and not telling my boyfriend?
AITA for telling my dad he can't invite his girlfriend to my graduation because my mom paid for the trip?
AITA For Wanting to Poop Alone
AITA for processing a hit and run though insurance?
AITA For Being The One To Wake Up At Night To Take Care of My Daughter?
AITA for scheduling loose skin surgery when my boyfriend is getting eye surgery?
AITA for calling my daughter's assorted boyfriends "Baskin Robbins?"
AITA for sending my Airbnb host a 4-minute walkthrough video with timestamps before I unpacked?
AITA for losing weight after my in-laws kept insisting I’d get fat after moving abroad?
AITA For not bringing my kids to see my ex-wife during my time with them
AITA for not contributing to the tuition fee?
AITA for asking my home-schooled nephew about where he was in the curriculum?
AITA for telling my friend that I don’t want to travel with her is becuase she is scared of the world
AITA for not giving my parents half of my lottery winnings.
AITA for telling my neighbour that people hate her for the construction work being done on her house?
AITA for not wanting my husband to leave me alone with our newborn for an entire weekend to take his mother sightseeing?
AITA for forwarding my wife an instagram reel of a recipe after she asked what I want for dinner tomorrow?
AITA for demanding my parking permit back after my roommate gave it to her friend?
AITAH for refusing to “split” assistant coaching duties after my partner volunteered?
AITA for not driving a friend to a city to ensure bride’s wedding cake isn’t ruined?
AITAH for telling my sister to cancel my baby shower
AITA for telling my housemate she owes me new bedsheets?
AITA if I tell my 84yoF neighbor and her son to just call the police on me and never talk to me directly again if they have concerns over me?
AITA for refusing to sign off on 4 volunteer hours for a teen who was only there for less than an hour?
AITA for refusing to be everyone's driver, even though my friends were already counting on me to do it?
AITA for not giving an expensive hoodie to a student's mom without proper proof?
AITA for telling my sister that she is the common denominator in her failed relationships?
AITA for refusing to switch hospital rooms after another patient complained about me?
AITA for telling a little girl that I'm not her dad?
AITA for stopping video when homeless man clearly didn't want to be on camera?
AITA for not wanting another month-long visit from in-laws and asking for a different arrangement? 
AITA Asking Postpartum Wife and 5mo daughter to travel over Christmas 
AITA for telling my aunt and uncle that their daughter brought a strange man into my house while she was dog-sitting?
AITA for leaving a dinner party early because of “vegan lasagna”?
AITA for refusing to appear in apology video?
AITA for refusing to give my sister my house key after she got locked with her kids?
AITA for making my co-worker cry because I mocked her nose-job?
AITA for "making too much noise" in my apartment after my downstairs neighbors called the cops on me for vacuuming? 
AITA for refusing to drive my boyfriend to the ER for nonesense?
AITA for leaving my grandchildren alone
AITA for insulting my dad after he blamed me for a car accident caused by my autistic sister
AITA for telling my family the real reason my mother and I are not attending my sister's wedding?
AITA for refusing to finish a story after my wife interrupted me five times?
AITA for telling my parents they lost the right to have opinions on my life after they gave me zero support in college?
AITA for telling my husband he can't hang out with his friends for 10 straight hours ?
