Am I wrong for refusing to give up my home office?

I am a twenty seven year old woman living in a rented house with two roommates, one a year younger than me and the other a bit older. The place is larger than what we really need, with extra bedrooms and a finished lower level, and we were lucky to get it at a good price. Because of that, we have each been able to set things up in a way that fits our lifestyles.

I work entirely from home, and one of my roommates splits her time between home and the office. Early on, we agreed to turn two of the extra bedrooms into workspaces. Our other roommate was not happy about that and felt it was unfair unless we paid a higher share of the rent. To keep things smooth, we agreed to pay more. At the time, I made it clear that if I was paying extra, my office would be a private space that others could not use. My other roommate was more flexible and did not mind if her room doubled as a guest space. The third roommate pushed back, especially about what would happen if she needed space for guests, but eventually she agreed, and the issue seemed settled.

For more than a year, everything worked fine. Recently, though, she mentioned that two friends of hers would be visiting from overseas and staying for a couple of weeks. At first, that was not a problem. We have all hosted guests before, and it has usually gone well. But then she added that her plan was for her friends to stay in both of our office rooms so they would not have to share a space.

I reminded her of the agreement we made when we moved in, especially since I am paying more specifically to keep that room as my workspace. That is when things escalated. She became upset, called me selfish, and accused me of being overly controlling about the space.

Beyond the agreement, there is also a practical issue. My work setup is not something I can easily move. I rely on multiple screens and a proper desk arrangement, and relocating everything into my bedroom for weeks would be difficult and disruptive. My other roommate is trying to keep the peace and suggested that I just make it work temporarily, even offering to help me move things around.

This is the first real conflict we have had in an otherwise good living situation, which makes me question myself. I do not want to damage the dynamic in the house, but I also feel like I am being asked to give up something I specifically pay extra for. Now I am wondering if I am being too rigid, or if it is reasonable to stand firm on something we all agreed to from the beginning.