Was I wrong for refusing to go to my sister-in-law’s baby shower?

This all started about five years ago, when my brother married “Ruby.” At the time, everyone liked her. My older sister and I were even in her bridal party.

After the wedding, they started trying for kids and struggled with infertility. Ruby was understandably upset. But things got tense when my older sister (who was 26 at the time) got pregnant. Ruby became snappish and mean toward her. The family tried to be patient and mindful because we knew she was hurting.

When my sister’s baby was born, Ruby didn’t send anything or acknowledge it.

Then I got pregnant during my senior year of college. It wasn’t planned. I had only told my mom because I was still processing everything. At family gatherings, I used to drink a lot. One time when I wasn’t drinking, my grandma joked that I must be pregnant — and apparently my face gave it away. That’s how my pregnancy came out to the whole family. It wasn’t how I wanted to announce it.

Ruby completely lost it.

She yelled at me, said I didn’t deserve a child, and called me horrible names. When my mom tried to intervene, Ruby yelled at her too and even told my mom she “deserved” a previous stillbirth she had experienced. It was cruel and deeply hurtful.

After I gave birth and posted photos online, Ruby made a public post saying that “some people don’t deserve kids.” She has never apologized for any of it.

Now Ruby is pregnant and planning her baby shower. All the women in the family were invited.

I talked to my mom and decided I wasn’t going. My mom also chose not to go. After that, it seems like most of the family followed suit and RSVPed no.

My brother called me, asking me to come. He said Ruby has been crying and feels hated by the family and wants everyone to make up. I told him that this situation is the result of her own behavior and that it’s not my responsibility to fix it.

He’s asked me multiple times to just “suck it up” and attend. But I know that if I go, others likely will too — and if I don’t, most of them won’t.

For additional context: as things stand, I don’t allow Ruby around my child. My sister does the same. I have a firm rule that if someone is cruel to me, they don’t get access to my kids. My mom also has no interest in playing grandmother to Ruby’s child if it means tolerating someone she deeply dislikes.

So am I wrong for refusing to attend, even knowing it means most of the family won’t go either?