Is it wrong to finally set boundaries with my husband’s mom online?

I have been with my husband for five years, and for most of that time I have had what I thought was a genuinely good relationship with his mother. She is friendly, generous, and very involved in her family’s life. One thing about her, though, is that she lives on Facebook. She posts at least once a day, sometimes more, and everything is public. She has a large following of people I do not know, and sharing details about her life and her family seems to be a huge part of how she connects with others. When my husband was younger, she even used to write posts pretending to be him, which everyone apparently saw as normal.

Over the years, my husband and I have sent her photos of trips, activities, or small life moments, and almost without fail those photos end up on her Facebook page. Most of the time, we are not told beforehand. I have also discovered pictures of myself online that I did not even realize she had taken. While this has always made me uneasy, I convinced myself it was harmless and tried not to rock the boat. I did not want to seem dramatic or ungrateful, especially since she has otherwise been kind to me.

Recently, my husband and I both started new jobs, and our schedules have been chaotic. Because of this, we have not been able to travel together to see his parents since the holidays. He has visited on his own once, but I have not been able to go due to my work hours. Yesterday, my parents called me and casually asked how my visit with my in laws had been. I was confused, because I had not gone anywhere. When I checked Facebook, I saw why they were asking.

My mother in law had posted an artificial intelligence generated image of my husband and me sitting with the family, watching a football game, all of us wearing matching jerseys. It looked realistic enough that people genuinely believed we had been there. I felt deeply uncomfortable, and so did my husband. It crossed a line for both of us, because it was not just sharing a moment without permission. It was inventing one.

My husband immediately offered to text his mother and ask her not to create any more artificial images of us. Given how our relationship has been in the past, neither of us expected a major issue. Instead, she reacted very strongly. She told us we were ungrateful, accused us of constantly hurting her feelings whenever we asked for limits around photos, and said that we, especially me, were overly sensitive. She insisted that we should simply let her post whatever she wants.

Now I feel shaken. My husband agrees that artificial images of us are unacceptable, but he feels we can tolerate her usual habit of posting real photos. I am no longer sure I am comfortable with that either. I thought I had some say in what parts of my life were shared publicly, but her reaction made it clear she does not believe that. I am left wondering whether I would be wrong to start clearly telling her that I do not want my image shared online except for rare, reasonable family photos, even if that upsets her.