Am I the asshole for excluding my autistic child from a family vacation?

I'm using a throwaway.

I (40F) and my husband(40M) have 3 kids, their ages are 11, 9 and 6. This about my 6 year old son. We have been planning for a family vacation for a while and this time, decided not to include him and have his grandparents care for him for a week.

The reason we are excluding him- last year we went on a family vacation and he hated every bit of it and kept throwing tantrums and having meltdowns because things were different from what he was used to. He even ran off multiple times in the hotel so we had to spend half the day looking for him and got worried about his safety. Due to this we couldn't do most of the activities we had planned and our 2 other children were also disappointed due to this. This time we wanted to go to a similar place (mostly since we couldn't enjoy it last time) and we decided for his sake that it was best to leave him with his grandparents for a week so that his routine isn't majorly disrupted.

My son has autism and struggles to adjust with changes and has meltdowns if anything goes differently. Since it was a different place, his safe foods weren't available either and those that were available didn't taste the same so he refused to eat them. The only things he could eat were packaged snacks and since we didn't have anything else, he had to live off them the whole time. We had to cancel most of our plans because he would throw tantrums and have meltdowns very often.

When we told our older children about our upcoming trip, our 9 year old started crying and saying he didn't want to go because of what happened last time and our 11 year old also said she wanted to stay with her grandparents. When I told them, their brother would stay with their grandparents, they actually seemed relieved and excited.

When we told our 6 year old, he did not take it well and said how it was unfair. I reminded him of what happened last time and he promised to behave. But really, I don't want to make him miserable and the rest of miss out on the trip due to him. I feel like it's best for everyone including him that he doesn't come.

This is where I'm conflicted on our decision.I mentioned in a support forum for parents with autistic kids about leaving him behind and got so many comments calling me cruel and heartless and that he deserves better parents. I even told his counsellor about this, and even she told me that I was wrong and that I should instead make accommodations. But I don't understand how I can make reasonable accommodations while enjoying the trip. The only place I know he won't be miserable is at home, we have visited relatives homes before and he had meltdowns at things there and even damaged their property.