Was I wrong for arguing with my mother-in-law about whether my husband likes spaghetti?

My husband and I were at my mother-in-law’s house for dinner. After we ate, he offered to drive his youngest sister to a friend’s house so mother-in-law could relax after cooking. While he was gone, mother-in-law, my sister-in-law, and I were chatting in the living room.

Sister-in-law is getting ready to move out soon and asked me for easy dinner ideas. I mentioned spaghetti.

Mother-in-law immediately reacted and asked if I only make that when my husband is working late. I said no, confused. She told me he doesn’t like spaghetti, that’s why she asked.

That surprised me, because he not only eats it happily, but he actually requests it fairly often. When I said that, she suggested maybe it’s just my favorite meal and he asks for it to please me.

At that point, I could feel it turning into one of her usual “I know my son better than you ever will” moments. Normally I’d just let it go, but this time I didn’t. I said that whenever I make spaghetti, he eats more than half of it and the leftovers disappear quickly.

She turned to sister-in-law and insisted he used to gag over spaghetti. Sister-in-law shrugged and said maybe he changed his mind. mother-in-law doubled down and said no, he’s stubborn about tastes and she knows him.

So I asked her directly if she thought I was lying about him liking spaghetti. She rolled her eyes and asked if this was really the hill I wanted to die on. I told her she could just ask him when he got back. She said she didn’t need to, she already knew the answer.

The room got awkward and quiet until my husband came back. The first thing I asked him was, “Do you like spaghetti?” He said yes, confused. I gestured to mother-in-law and said, “See?” She immediately got up and went to her room and stayed there until we left.

Later, I explained everything to my husband. He genuinely didn’t care, he just wondered why I’d randomly asked him about spaghetti. But about an hour later, mother-in-law sent him a long text saying I was rude and that I implied he only likes my spaghetti because I’m a better cook than her (which I absolutely never said).

Now I’m wondering: was I childish for pushing back? Should I have just let it go, even though I was tired of the constant implication that she knows him better than I do?