Was I wrong for shutting down my coworkers’ “birthday prank” instead of laughing along?

I work in a small, tight-knit office where people pride themselves on being “fun” and “like a family.” Birthdays usually mean a grocery store cake and a card passed around for signatures.

One coworker in particular lives for what he calls “banter.” He’s the type who says, “Relax, it’s just a joke,” if something doesn’t land.

Last week was my birthday. I don’t love being the center of attention, but I didn’t think much of it. When I walked in, my entire workstation had been dismantled and wrapped in aluminum foil, every cable unplugged, my keyboard individually wrapped, even my office chair spiraled in layers of it. My drawers had been sealed shut.

People were gathered around my desk waiting. Someone had their phone out recording.

At first, I gave a half-laugh because I assumed it was just surface-level harmless. But then I saw they had logged into my computer and changed my wallpaper to an old LinkedIn headshot I hate, zoomed in awkwardly and stretched. They’d also printed multiple copies and taped them around my cubicle like posters.

That’s when it stopped feeling funny.

I felt put on the spot. Everyone was staring, waiting for me to deliver some big reaction for the video.

I just said, “Can we not?” Not loudly. Not angrily. Just flat.

The “banter” guy jumped in with, “Don’t be like that, it’s tradition!” A few others chimed in about how they’d worked on it during lunch.

Instead of laughing it off, I started quietly taking the foil off my stuff. I didn’t thank anyone. I didn’t smile. I didn’t play into it.

The room went awkwardly silent.

Later that afternoon, my manager called me in and said I “shifted the energy” and made people feel bad after they’d tried to do something nice. He said team culture is important and sometimes you have to lean into things even if it’s not your style.

Now people are noticeably more distant. A coworker told me privately that I could’ve just laughed for five minutes and moved on. Another said I embarrassed the guy who organized it.

But from my perspective, I didn’t ask to be pranked. I didn’t consent to being filmed. And I didn’t think I should have to fake amusement just to preserve office morale.

I didn’t insult anyone. I didn’t storm off. I just didn’t perform the reaction they wanted.

Was I wrong for not playing along?