Was I wrong for telling my uncle I don’t want to be like his kids?

I’m 14 and my mom passed away when I was little after being sick for a long time. Before she died, she arranged for me to live with her best friend, Katie. After my mom died, my uncle Nick tried to get custody because he believed I should be raised by family. Katie ended up adopting me, but I still visit Nick and his family about one weekend a month. The visits aren’t court-ordered, Katie just wants me to maintain a relationship with my biological family.

Nick and Katie parent very differently.

Katie and her husband are both doctors. I’ve always gone to private school, and my school is academically ahead of the local public schools. I do competitive cheer through school and competitive dance at a studio. I also play piano. (I recently quit clarinet to free up time for cheer.) My school requires at least a 3.0 GPA to participate in extracurriculars, and if I’m suspended from school activities, I’m not allowed to do outside ones either. I also earn my allowance, I work, and Katie matches whatever I make at the end of the month.

Nick is a police officer and his wife is a preschool teacher. They homeschool their three kids, mostly for political reasons. His kids go to church youth group and choir but don’t do other activities. They get money without having to work for it.

When I visit, Nick often criticizes Katie’s parenting. He says I’m too busy, that I don’t get to “just be a kid,” and that I’m always doing homework, working, or at practice. Last weekend, he said something like, “Wouldn’t it be nice to slow down and actually be a kid like my kids?”

I told him I like my life the way it is and that I wouldn’t want to be like his kids.

Part of why I said that is because I’m starting dual enrollment college classes next year, and honestly, I worry about my cousins academically. My 10-year-old cousin still struggles with basic multiplication, and my 14-year-old cousin (who is technically a grade above me) can’t solve simple linear equations. When I visit, we usually just go to the mall, watch movies, and eat fast food. They don’t really have hobbies or structured activities.

Nick got really angry and said I had no right to criticize his parenting or insult his kids. He called Katie and told her to pick me up early, calling me a “spoiled, entitled brat that thinks she’s better than them.”

Katie later told me I probably should have just smiled and nodded instead of saying what I did. We’ve decided I won’t go over there for a while. But now I’m feeling guilty because even though I didn’t directly call my cousins stupid, I basically implied it.

Was I wrong for saying I wouldn’t want to be like them?