Was I wrong to keep the lock on my son’s door while our guests are living with us?

My sister’s close friend—call her Dana—lost her rental unexpectedly earlier this year. Since she had nowhere to go on short notice, my wife offered for Dana and her two teenage sons, Colin and Mason (both 17), to stay with us temporarily. We have a 15-year-old son, Leo. He’s generally polite and gets along with most people, but he’s introverted and values personal space.

Not long after they moved in, Colin and Mason started treating Leo’s room like a communal hangout spot, even though he repeatedly asked them not to. They’d walk in whenever they wanted, borrowing his gaming headset, taking snacks from his drawers, messing with his art supplies, and even using his computer without permission. Leo complained to me several times, but whenever I brought it up, my wife and Dana brushed it off as “normal teenage boy behavior” and said I shouldn’t make a big deal out of it.

The breaking point came when Leo spent weeks saving up for a set of specialty markers he needed for an art competition. When he finally bought them, he left the set neatly arranged on his desk. A day later, he found the markers scattered all over the carpet, several of them dried out or crushed. Apparently, Colin and Mason had taken them to “try drawing something cool” and left them behind. Leo was devastated—he’d been working toward that purchase for ages.

I decided enough was enough. I installed a lock on Leo’s door so he could at least keep his belongings safe. When Dana and the boys saw it, they were furious. Dana insisted her sons “aren’t doing anything malicious” and accused me of making them feel unwelcome. She said Leo was being dramatic and needed to “learn to share.” My wife sided with her, saying the lock made the boys feel like criminals.

She demanded I remove it, but I refused. I told her the lock stays until Dana and her sons find a permanent place to stay. Leo shouldn’t have to hide his belongings or lose things because other people’s boundaries are nonexistent.

My wife got upset and said I was basically telling her friend to get out. Then she said her side of the family would think I was being insensitive, since they were the ones who encouraged her to help Dana in the first place. I reminded her that no one else actually offered Dana a place to stay—and that if they had, our household wouldn’t be dealing with this level of chaos.

Now Dana and the boys barely speak to me, my wife is still angry, and the atmosphere in the house is tense. I’m standing by the decision, but it’s become a huge issue.