Am I wrong for hiding my savings from my family?

I am nineteen and grew up in a very tight financial situation with my mom, my aunt, and my grandmother. Money has always been a source of stress for all of us. When I started university at a young age and began receiving student loans, things shifted a bit. Not in a life changing way, but enough that I had access to money they did not. That is when the requests started.

At first, I was still living at home and contributing monthly to rent and other expenses, which I felt was fair. But on top of that, my aunt began asking me for money regularly, and later my mom did too. When I moved out at eighteen for my own mental well being, the requests did not stop. I got a part time job to support myself, and even though I was not earning much, I still tried to help when I could.

There was a point where things escalated. My mom told me she had maxed out her credit cards, and I felt like I had no choice but to step in. I ended up draining my savings to help her and also gave my aunt several loans that I never got back. After that, I told both of them I could not keep doing this. It was too much, and I needed to start thinking about my own future.

Over time, I slowly rebuilt some savings. I am trying to be more responsible and put money aside for something meaningful, like eventually having a place of my own. My grandmother, who has also been helping them financially, advised me to keep my savings private so I would not feel pressured again. I took that advice. For the past several months, I have still helped occasionally, but only with small amounts, and I told them that was all I could afford.

Recently, everything came to a head. My aunt saw my savings balance on my laptop and realized I had more money than I had been letting on. She was furious and accused me of lying. When my mom found out, she reacted the same way. They argued that if I can spend money on things like going out or personal purchases, then I should be giving more to the family. Since then, they have barely spoken to me and have said that I have abandoned them.

Now I feel torn. Part of me feels guilty because I know they are struggling, and I do care about them. But another part of me feels exhausted. I have already given so much, and it has not changed their situation in the long term. I am trying to build some stability for myself, and it feels like every time I make progress, I am expected to give it up.

I keep asking myself if I am being selfish for setting this boundary or if it is reasonable to want to protect my own future. I do not know where the line is between helping family and sacrificing too much of myself.