Was I wrong for giving my mom alcohol while she’s in hospice care?

My mom is in her 50s and currently in at-home hospice care due to terminal liver cancer. Her health issues didn’t come out of nowhere, she’s had a long history of unhealthy habits. She used to smoke heavily but quit over a decade ago, which she’s always been proud of. However, she has struggled with obesity and hasn’t managed her type 2 diabetes very well. For a few years, she also drank regularly, a few drinks most days of the week. Over time, all of that caught up with her, and by the time the cancer was diagnosed, it was already too advanced to treat.

Once she started feeling seriously ill, she mostly stopped drinking, aside from the occasional rare moment.

I visit her a few times a week. We spend time talking, watching TV, and I usually bring her small things she asks for. Recently, she mentioned how much she missed her favorite drink and said she’d love to have a couple again.

Before doing anything, I checked her medications to make sure there weren’t any major interactions. Then, on a day when she was feeling relatively good and hadn’t taken pain medication, I brought her a six-pack of what she used to enjoy. She ended up having two drinks that evening, was really happy, and then went to sleep.

A few days later, when I updated my siblings, I mentioned it. They were furious. Their argument is that because she has liver cancer, giving her alcohol is harmful and could potentially make things worse or shorten the time she has left.

From my perspective, she’s already in hospice care. The focus is supposed to be on comfort and quality of life. She hasn’t even finished the drinks, there are still four left weeks later, but even if she did, I felt like letting her enjoy something familiar brought her a bit of happiness in a really difficult time.

Now I’ve been getting criticism from multiple family members, and it’s turning into a bigger issue.

Was I wrong for giving her that choice and letting her have a small moment of enjoyment?