Was I wrong to exclude family who won’t include my stepdaughter?

This has caused so much tension in our family that I am starting to question whether we handled it the right way, even though at the time it felt like the only thing we could do. My stepdaughter, whom I will call Lila, is Deaf, and a few weeks before the spring holiday, she opened up to us in a way she had not before. She told us she dreads family gatherings. Not because she dislikes people, but because she feels invisible when she is there. As she has gotten older and no longer spends time running around with the younger children, she has become more aware of how often she is left out of conversations, jokes, and even simple interactions.

Hearing that was difficult. It made it clear that what should feel like a safe, welcoming environment for her instead felt isolating. So my partner and I decided to make a change. We agreed that if we were going to host events in our home, we would only invite people who had made at least some effort to communicate with her. We are not expecting anyone to become fluent in sign language overnight. What we are asking for is basic effort. Learning a few signs, facing her when speaking so she can read lips, or simply trying to include her instead of talking around her.

There are family members who have made that effort, and it means a great deal. My sister and her children have tried, my mother has tried, and a few others have shown genuine interest in making Lila feel included. But there are also many who have not tried at all, despite having years to do so. This includes people from both sides of the family.

We told everyone about this decision well in advance of the holiday. We explained that we were happy to host, but that we wanted our home to be a place where Lila feels valued and included. Some people responded positively. Others did not take it well at all. There were complaints, arguments, and a surprising amount of resistance. It was especially disappointing to see some close relatives react so negatively, including a few of her own extended family members who I thought would care more.

Despite all of that, the gathering itself went well. Lila seemed more comfortable, more engaged, and genuinely happier than she has been at past events. That alone made me feel like we had done something right. But the aftermath has been messy. Since we usually host larger gatherings, many people were left to make their own plans, and some apparently did not. One relative even complained that he missed out on a traditional holiday meal because of what he called us turning “one person’s issue” into everyone else’s problem.

That comment stuck with me more than I expected. It made me angry, but it also made me question things. I keep coming back to the same thought. We were trying to make sure a child in our home felt seen and included, but in doing so, we created a divide that has left a lot of resentment behind.

Now I am wondering if we were right to draw such a firm line, or if there was a better way to handle it without causing so much conflict. I still believe Lila deserves to feel included in her own home, but I cannot ignore how much this decision has strained our relationships with the rest of the family.