Was I wrong for having a car towed that was parked in my assigned space?

I’m a 28-year-old woman living in a townhouse-style apartment complex with my husband, who’s 35. We moved here in 2022. The complex offers a gated parking area with assigned spots for residents who pay an extra monthly fee. We decided to pay for two spots so we could park close to our unit and make things easier when I’m carrying groceries or helping my young son in and out of the car.

The rules are pretty clear: if you park inside the gated area without a valid tag or in a spot that isn’t assigned to you, your vehicle can be towed. There are multiple signs posted at the entrance warning about this.

Recently the property management started some construction work and emailed residents explaining that certain parking spaces would be temporarily reassigned. They told everyone to come to the office to receive a new spot if theirs was affected and specifically warned people not to park in spaces they weren’t assigned. Our two spots weren’t part of the temporary changes.

A few nights ago my husband and I came home late and found a car parked in my assigned space. We had no idea who it belonged to, so we couldn’t ask them to move it. I ended up squeezing my car near a neighbor’s space and just hoped the nightly tow patrol wouldn’t come through because technically I was parked somewhere I wasn’t supposed to be.

The next day one of my neighbors messaged me saying they had actually seen the driver park there and told him that the space belonged to someone else. According to them, he shrugged it off and said he wasn’t moving his car.

The following night my neighbor messaged again saying the same car was back in my space. At that point I was pretty frustrated. When I got home, I called the towing company listed on the signs and reported that someone was parked in my assigned spot. I gave them the spot number and a description of the vehicle.

My neighbor and I waited outside to make sure the truck took the correct car because there had been incidents in the past where the wrong vehicle was taken.

I’ll admit this part wasn’t my proudest moment: when the tow truck arrived and started hooking up the car, my neighbor and I ended up clapping and laughing. In my mind, the driver had already been warned and chose to ignore it.

Afterward I sent my husband a couple photos of the car being towed. When he got home from work he wasn’t happy about how I handled it. He said I shouldn’t have called the tow truck because it could create unnecessary conflict with other residents. We’ve lived here peacefully for several years, and he’s worried the guy might retaliate somehow.

I argued that we pay for those assigned spaces, and if I keep parking somewhere else to avoid conflict, my own car could end up getting towed instead.

Still, my husband thinks I escalated things over something that might not have been worth the risk.

Was I wrong for calling the tow truck?