Was I wrong for telling my brother to find new childcare after everything I’ve done?

I’m 28 and have been helping my younger brother, who I’ll call Dylan, with childcare since his first son was born almost four years ago. I even adjusted my work schedule to make it work, I was doing overnight shifts and then watching his kids during the day so he and his wife could work.

At first it was manageable, but after they had their second child, it became overwhelming. I was running on almost no sleep. Some days they wouldn’t get home until late afternoon, and I’d only get a few hours of rest before having to go back to work that night.

I tried to set boundaries, but I kept getting pressured, not just by them, but by our parents too, so I gave in. Eventually, we landed on a setup where I’d nap, go over to watch the kids, then go home and sleep again before work. Even then, I was only getting about five or six hours of broken sleep a day, and they were paying me about $100 a month for both kids.

I told them clearly that I could only keep doing this for two more years and that if they had a third child, I would be done with childcare completely.

Recently, I lost my job and have been unemployed for about two months. I’ve been applying everywhere and finally got hired. The job requires two days of orientation this month, and then I’ll be starting part-time day shifts soon after.

I told Dylan and his wife about the orientation days ahead of time and reminded them again recently. That’s when everything blew up. He told me I was irresponsible, called me a disappointment, and said I needed to “grow up.” He also said that once our parents are gone, he won’t be there to help me, like somehow I’ve been the one relying on him, even though I’ve been the one helping with his kids for years.

He claimed I never told him the job would be day shift and said that my new schedule would mess everything up for them because they won’t have childcare.

After a lot of arguing and me honestly breaking down, I told him I can’t turn down a job when I’ve been struggling to find one. I said I will be going to my orientation no matter what and gave him until the end of April to find other childcare arrangements.

Since then, he and his wife have basically stopped talking to me except for the bare minimum when picking up the kids.

Now I’m starting to wonder if I handled it wrong or if I should have tried harder to accommodate them.

Was I wrong for putting my foot down?
