Am I wrong for refusing extra kids at my son’s birthday and losing a guest?

My partner and I planned a small birthday party for our son, Evan, who just turned eight. We kept things pretty tight this year, budgeted carefully, counted RSVPs, and bought just enough food, treats, and supplies for the kids who confirmed. No extras, no wiggle room.

One of Evan’s classmates, Caleb, didn’t RSVP until the day before the party, after we sent a reminder. His mom, Tanya, finally replied saying Caleb would come, but also casually added that his two younger brothers (ages six and four) would be coming along too. She said to let her know if that wasn’t okay.

The thing is, if we’d known earlier, we might’ve been able to adjust. But at that point, everything was already planned and paid for. We didn’t have extra food, extra goodie bags, or even much space. Our house fills up fast, and we were already worried about having to move everything indoors if the weather didn’t cooperate.

My partner asked me if it would be too harsh to tell Tanya that her other kids couldn’t come. I said no, it’s a birthday party, not a daycare, and those kids aren’t even in the same age group or friend circle as Evan. He’s never mentioned them, and this was meant to be his day with his friends.

So we told her politely that we weren’t able to accommodate additional kids on such short notice.

The next morning, Tanya messaged back saying Caleb wouldn’t be attending at all. She explained that they “do everything as a family” and that he wouldn’t be comfortable going without his brothers. She also added that they usually attend parties as a full group, including both parents, which she hadn’t mentioned before.

Now Caleb isn’t coming, and I feel bad for Evan missing one of his friends. At the same time, it feels unfair that we were put in that position last minute.

We live in a small town, and I know this is probably going to get talked about. Part of me wonders if we should’ve just squeezed them in to avoid the drama, but another part of me feels like we set a reasonable boundary.

So were we wrong for saying no?