Was I rude for not finishing the meal my daughter-in-law cooked?

My daughter-in-law, “Anika,” comes from an Indian background, and that matters a bit here because most of the meals she cooks when we visit are traditional dishes from her culture. I don’t dislike them exactly, but I’ve never really developed a taste for that style of cooking, so it’s not something I normally seek out.

My son and Anika host family dinners from time to time, and when I attend I usually take a small portion of whatever is being served. I try a bit of everything and eat what I can, but if I’m still hungry afterward I sometimes grab something on the way home. Until recently, this never seemed to be a problem.

At the most recent dinner, Anika prepared a green curry with rice. I took a modest portion so I wouldn’t waste food, but the flavor was very herb-heavy and just not something I enjoyed. I ate some of it but couldn’t bring myself to finish the entire serving.

When everyone started cleaning up, I offered to help. That’s when Anika pointed out that I hadn’t finished what was on my plate. I simply said I wasn’t very hungry, thinking that would be the end of it.

Later that evening she sent me a message saying it was disrespectful not to finish the food she prepared. She went as far as saying I wouldn’t be welcome at future dinners unless I was willing to finish what she served.

I spoke to my son about it, and he sided with her. He said I was being picky and should just finish my plate when I’m a guest in their home. I told him that seemed unreasonable, I’m not a child being forced to eat something I don’t like.

I even asked whether he would prefer that I not take any food at all and just sit there while everyone else eats. He said that wasn’t what he wanted either.

Now he thinks I should apologize, but I’m hesitant because I don’t feel like I’ve been openly critical of the food. I still try it and eat some even though it’s not my favorite.

Was I actually being disrespectful by not finishing the meal?