Was I wrong for not staying behind after my niece was arrested during a layover?

A group of us were flying home from a relative’s wedding. Several of us were originally booked on the same flight, but it ended up getting canceled. We managed to rebook onto another flight that had a layover.

My sister, however, managed to get herself onto a direct flight home. She didn’t mention it beforehand, she just left us with her 17-year-old daughter and said she needed to get back for work. We’re pretty sure she didn’t ask because she knew we probably wouldn’t have agreed. Her daughter has a reputation in the family for being difficult.

Since we didn’t really have a choice in the moment, we brought our niece with us to the airport and onto the new flight. She was in a bad mood the entire time and generally unpleasant.

During the layover, she said she was going to the restroom. Not long after she came back, airport police approached and arrested her for shoplifting from one of the airport stores.

The officers told us that since she was 17 and because of the laws in that state, she would be processed as an adult and transferred to the county jail. They said she might be released the next day, but depending on how busy things were it could take longer.

At that point, everyone in our group was exhausted from the travel chaos. Most of the others had younger kids with them who were also tired and cranky. No one wanted to change flights again or book a hotel, especially since we didn’t know if it would mean staying multiple nights.

We asked the police what would happen if we left, and they said it was fine for us to continue on our flight.

We texted my sister to tell her what had happened and what the police said. She was furious and insisted that someone had to stay with her daughter, saying we couldn’t just abandon her. We checked flight options and saw there were several flights she could take that would get her there by the next day.

She said she couldn’t because she had work. We pointed out that we all had work and responsibilities to get back to as well.

In the end, we boarded our flight home.

Now that we’re back, my sister is extremely upset. She’s mostly blaming me because I was the only one in the group without young kids with me. She says my job is more flexible and that I could have stayed behind, used extra days off, or even blamed travel delays to cover it.

I feel like we were already put in a difficult position when she left her daughter with us without asking, but now I’m wondering if I should have been the one to stay.

Was I wrong for getting on the flight and leaving?