Were we wrong for not updating my mother in law when we got home at 3 in the morning?

My wife and I had plans to go hiking and then have dinner with friends. Before we left, we made lunch for our kids and asked my mother-in-law to bring them dinner since we expected to be out into the evening.

To be clear, we did not ask her to stay at the house. We’ve left our kids home alone many times and trust them completely. We only asked her to drop off dinner so they’d have something decent to eat. We’ve told her before she’s welcome to stay and watch TV if she wants (she doesn’t have internet at home), but there’s never an expectation that she has to stay.

We had a great day. After dinner, our friends invited us back to their place to hang out. We went with the flow, lost track of time, and suddenly it was very late. Around that time, my mother in law called asking where we were. We told her we were about to head home.

When we arrived around 3 in the morning, she was still sitting in our living room, clearly angry. The TV wasn’t on,she was just waiting.

She immediately started commenting on what time it was and saying our 16-year-old shouldn’t be up that late. (For context, we don’t let him stay up until 3 in the morning regularly. Our 12-year-old was already asleep.)

I didn’t appreciate being confronted in my own home like we were teenagers sneaking in past curfew. I told her she didn’t need to stay, she was only asked to bring dinner. She responded that it was disrespectful not to tell her where we were or that we’d be home so late.

If she had said she was worried in a calm or caring tone, that would have been different. But she was angry and accusatory, and she even slammed the door on her way out.

Now, the next day, she’s saying it wasn’t about the time, it was about being worried and not knowing where we were. She pointed out that we said we were going hiking and to dinner, which we did. We just ended up extending the night.

We genuinely had no idea she would stay the entire time. Had we known, we probably would have updated her.

So were we wrong for not calling to say we’d be late, even though we didn’t expect her to still be there?